Notes on the Python Workshop
============================

```yaml
date: 2018/04/07
start_time: 13:00
end_time: 16:00
location: Arkansas Innovation Hub
attendance: 11
```

The workshop seemed to be a success.  There was a pretty good turnout, and most
people stayed for about 2 hours.  We did not end up working on the pycalc code,
which means I have it ready for next time if necessary. Instead, it turned into
a space for people to hang out, discuss different programming topics, and swap
knowledge. I have had several people reach out to me to say that they thought it
went well. A.C. even mentioned that he wants to do a similar session with the
Java meetup.

In particular, we set up a slack group for easier discussion, and in particular
planning out PyArkansas 2019. We have now agreed to copy PyOhio's model, and
their website code as it will take a lot of pressure off of us to get things
working.  S.S. has set up a new PSF donation link, and we have narrowed down
dates to "a Saturday in October".

As for what was worked on, I personally was involved in discussions about mine
and C.T.'s Twitter mentors website to help him understand Jinja2, general
discussions about data science libraries, Tornado on a Raspberry Pi for home
automation, IPython, sysadmin, and a lengthy discussion about how to break into
the web development space.

I did feel that it was a bit unorganized, although that was somewhat of the
intention, and it was difficult for me to personally greet and talk to every
member of the group. It is natural for people to get excited about what they're
interested in, and end up talking at length about it, but I did try my best to
spend some time with everyone I could. In the future I will try to make sure I
do personally welcome every attendee, and maybe it will be a good idea to have
some suggested topics for discussion so that it's more of a directed workshop
than a free form hangout session. Maybe it would be a good idea to also
rearrange the tables in the room so that everyone is forced to be closer to each
other to encourage more open discussions, since people seemed to just pair off
with whoever was next to them.
